hello and welcome to episode 21 of learn
English with Minecraft
this is a series where I teach English
while trying to beat Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up so in the last video
I left off deep underground
but I dug my way back up to the surface
the surface
so this is the tunnel that I dug to get
back up to the surface
but I found something interesting down
here
so I'm going to go down this tunnel to
show you what I found
okay here we are this is the bottom of
the staircase
so right here I found a spider spawner
this is a spider spawner so if I broke
all of these torches and it became dark
spiders would begin spawning here I
actually found two of these in the last
video but unfortunately I broke both of
them I recently watched a video on
YouTube about how you can turn these
spider spawners into an XP farm
so not the kind of farm that grows wheat
or carrots or potatoes no not that kind
of farm
an XP farm is a farm that generates
experience so in this video I'm going to
try to turn this spider spawner into an
XP farm
and to do that I'm going to follow this
video okay so it looks like the first
step is to dig out a nine by nine block
area around the spawner
so
I'm going to begin digging around the
spawner
let's go
okay one two three four five six seven
eight nine
there's nine this way
now
now one two three four five six seven
eight nine
okay so here I've dug out a nine by nine
block area around
the spawner see
one two three four five six seven eight
nine by one two three four five six
seven eight nine
so now the next step is to dig three
blocks down I'm going to place torches
on the walls
torch torch because when I break these
blocks right here
they'll destroy the Torches and spiders
might spawn
so I'm going to move the Torches to the
walls
there we go
and now I'm going to begin digging down
three blocks
one two three
this is going to take me a long time
all right I finally finished digging
three blocks down
one two three and I found some iron
right here I'm going to mine the iron
iron
oh and the Redstone
that was actually a lot of iron I'm
going to fill this up up up up
all right
cool now I need to watch the video to
see what to do next
back to YouTube
okay
so
for the next step I need a bucket
a bucket of water which means I need to
go back up to the surface
all right so I'll dig a staircase up
here
and
let's go back up to the surface
and ta-da the surface
all right
now to find a bucket
aha a water bucket
and while I'm up here I'm also going to
check out my garden
see if anything is ready to be harvested
let's open the gates
and let's check out the garden
it looks like these potatoes are ready
to be harvested
three potatoes
now I'll re-plant the potatoes one two
three
and I think that was the only potato
ready to be harvested but I see lots of
wheat that's ready
wheat
all right let's see 19 Wheats
and now I have
47 seeds
so right now I'm going to plant all 47
of these wheat seeds
all right
I have a lot of wheat growing now
oh another thing that I found down in
the mine before I dug my tunnel back up
to the surface is
some amethyst and with the amethyst I
built
this spyglass
the Spyglass allows me to see really far
away
I can see
a cow with my spyglass
a sheep over there a sheep next to some
flowers red flowers yellow flowers blue
flowers and white flowers
what else can I see from up here with my
spy glass
I can see some fish down there in the
river
whoa
that fish disappeared
ah I can see a horse with my spyglass
two horses there's another horse right
here this horse has spots
and it started to rain
actually
now that it's raining
this would be a good time to fish
I'm going to get my fishing pole and
catch a couple of fish
while it's raining
I'm going to use my enchanted fishing
rod
all right
and I'll go to my
fishing Hut right there and I'll cast My
Line cast
let's see what I can catch here we go
and my first catch was a Cod
of course
another Cod
I love how fast I can catch fish when
it's raining
another Cod
a puffer fish
whoa
squid
what are you doing squid
another Cod
puffer fish
I still don't know what to do with the
Cod
salmon
oh
another magic fishing rod
lure three and Unbreaking three
this magical fishing rod is even better
than the magical fishing rod I'm using
right now
this Rod has two enchantments and this
Rod only has one it's getting darker
three more catches
weather
that's one
salmon
that's two and one more
and a Cod all right
oh
I heard a drowned throw a trident at me
whoa
oh no
run run run run run
come here zombie
oh
ah
those little zombies are really fast
I need to eat
all right now I'm regaining my health
there's the zombie oh and the drowned
there's a zombie and a drowned right
there
die die die die
okay
oh there's two drowns outside
wow
these drowns are strong
I ate all of my bread
all right
where are you
did I kill both of them
huh
I guess so
did I get the Trident no
okay it's time to go to sleep
all right it's morning
and the rain stops alright
so before I go back down to the spawner
I want to make sure that I have
everything I will need to build the XP
farm
so
I'm going back
to the video
to see what else I will need to build
this Farm I will need three trap doors
three slabs three signs three chests
three hoppers
three walls and two buckets of water
okay well
now I'm going to make sure that I have
all of that I think I have a lot of
trapdoors somewhere
um
no trap doors
11 trap doors one two three
now I need three slabs
we'll build Cobblestone slabs
there we go six slabs three trap doors
what else did I need uh three signs and
three chests
okay
signs
I know that I have signs somewhere as
well
one sign
only one
huh well I only found one sign right
here so I need to build two more
with wood
so one stick and six wood builds three
signs
okay Signs Now I need to find some
chests alright
chests
two chests
one more chest and there we go three
chests
what else three Hoppers and three walls
hmm
how do you build hoppers
Hopper
ah
so to build Hoppers you need
one two three four five five iron and
one chest
so actually I need to build three more
chests
all right more wood
chest one two three
all right six chests and one two three
so now I'm going to build three hoppers
there we go three Hoppers and now I just
need to build Cobblestone walls
wall
okay easy
awesome
now before I go back down I'm going to
start cooking some fish
there we go
all right time to go back down to the
spawner
and here we go now we're at the bottom
okay
so what do I need to do now
back to the tutorial
as always
I forgot something
I need two buckets of water
not just one
back up the long staircase
all right do I have another bucket
buckets buckets any buckets
no
no okay
so I need to build one
using one two three iron there we go
and now I'm going to fill it up with
water
oh I need food
is my fish finished cooking
15 of it is
I need to eat some fish
okay now I'll fill the bucket with water
there we go
and now I have everything
oh
I hear skeletons
okay I think I'm safe
I'm going to place a few more torches
all right okay so I need to go like this
one
two three
water and
water
so now I can pick up infinite water from
this watch
this will never empty
and now I need to place water
in the corners in this corner and this
corner
there we go and there we go
so this water will push the spiders
this direction
now I need to scoop up water in these
two buckets again
like this and like this and I'll cover
this up again
there we go
okay what next
now I need to mine all of these blocks
here that the water doesn't cover
all right
I've dug up all of these blocks
and now I need to dig a three by two
block hole right here
one two three
three blocks by one two blocks
like that
and this hole needs to go seven blocks
deep
so one two three
four
five
six
seven
it needs to go that deep hmm
and there we go it's finished now what
okay now I need to place the signs
signs
I need to place them right here on the
second block this is the first block I
need to place them on the second block
so like this like this
and like this there we go I've placed
all three signs right here and now I
need to dig more
one two right here
all right
so now that I've dug out this area right
here
I need to place chests right here
where are my chests chests
and one two three all right I've placed
all three chests right here now I need
to place Hoppers connected to the chests
hoppers
one two three like that okay now I need
to place slabs on top of these hoppers
where are my slabs here they are
one two three
now I need to dig these three blocks one
two three
and here I need to place the walls
here we go
one two three
here are my chests
I think I'm almost finished all right
now I'm going to break all of these
blocks like this
all right
so now the water is flowing
and here I need to place more water
this
and
like this
and now I just need to place blocks on
top
like this
ah I can't reach
okay I need to break these slabs
there we go
oh I ran out
okay
and there we go and finally I need to
place trapdoors
up here
like this one two three
and now my XP farm is complete all that
I need to do is break these torches and
let the spiders start spawning so in the
next video we'll see if my XP farm works
or if it doesn't work
thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video you could leave me a
like or click the Subscribe button and
as always I will see you in the next
video see ya
[Music]